# EY Assessment Checklist
Assignments submitted by prospective candidates should be assessed based on this checklist.

### Overall Assessment
Based on the submission, candidate `JITHENDRA MALLIPEDDI` looks :thumbsdown:

### Reviewer Comments
It was a decent try but there were some major flaws.

* Candidate's solution was hardcoded for Windows operating system. 
* Failed to build on Mac OS. 
* Reviewer had to fix Windows OS issues to run the solution on a Mac.
* Solution was over-engineered to run a service when it was unnecessary.
* Solution did not work for other new inputs.
* No tests for edges cases like: null values, empty strings, etc.

### Solution
|Did the candidate complete the solution?| :x: |
|---|---|
Was the solution clear? | :heavy_check_mark:
Did the project build properly? | :x:
Was a build tool used? | :heavy_check_mark:
Was a dependency management tool used? | :heavy_check_mark:

### Recursion vs Iteration
|Was recursion used over iteration?| :x: |
|---|---|

### Data Structures
Use of appropriate data structure | :heavy_check_mark: |
------------ | -------------
    
### Test Coverage
Testing Checklist | |
---|---
Positive test cases | :heavy_check_mark:
Negative test cases | :x:
Null values check | :x:
Empty values check | :x:
How many edge cases were covered? | :x:

### Naming conventions
Naming Conventions Checklist | |
---|---
Properly named packages, classes, methods | :heavy_check_mark:
Camel case usage for `Java/Scala/Groovy/Javascript` | :heavy_check_mark:

### Documentation
Documentation Checklist | |
---|---
README format sufficient | :x:
Tech Stack defined | :x:
Instructions on how to build and run the project present? | :heavy_check_mark:

### Unnecessary Files    
Did the candidate avoid committing the following types of files? | |
---|---
IDE files | :heavy_check_mark:
Build files | :heavy_check_mark:
Any other generated files | :heavy_check_mark:
